README.md, before:

<div align="center" tabindex="-1" title="Oh, found one secret! 🥚">

[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Contributors)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/graphs/contributors)
[![Commit activity (branch:
main)](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/main?style=flat-square&label=Commit%20activity)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/commits/main)
![Maintened in 2025](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2025?style=flat-square&label=Actively%20maintened)<!-- HAVE TO BE UPDATED EVERY YEAR -->
[![Number of opened Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Issues)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/issues)
[![Number of opened Pull
Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Pull%20Requests)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/pulls)
<br />
![Repositiry size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Repository%20size)
[![Number of forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Forks)](https://github.com/pxlsspace/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace)
[![Number of stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Stars)](#repository-details-container)

</div>

<details open>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

* [About](#-about)
* [Installation guide](#️-as-a-user-how-to-install-it)
* [Features](#-features)

</details>

## 🚀 About

**LavaPlace for Wplace** adds some *Quality of Life* (QoL) to the [Wplace's
canvas](https://wplace.live/).

> [!NOTE]
> This software is **not** affiliated with or endorsed by
> [Wplace](https://wplace.live/terms/terms-of-service).

## 🛰️ As a user, how to install it?

> [Intructions from BlueMarble](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble?tab=readme-ov-file#installation-instructions)

1. **Install** the [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/#download) browser extension.
   <details>
   <summary>Image for Google Chrome</summary>

   ![Click the 'Add extension' button](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble/raw/main/docs/assets/ComputerChromeInstall1.png)

   </details>
2. You **might have to** Enable *Developer mode* and *Allow User Scripts* to work on some browsers.
   <details>
   <summary>Images for Google Chrome</summary>

   ![Enter the 'Manage Extension' menu](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble/raw/main/docs/assets/ComputerChromeInstall2.png)
   ![Enable 'Developer Mode' and 'Allow user scripts'](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble/raw/main/docs/assets/ComputerChromeInstall3.png)

   </details>
3. Click on this link: **[Install
   LavaPlace](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/releases/download/v1.1/LavaPlace.user.js)**
   <br />TamperMonkey will automatically detect the userscript and prompt you to Install it.
4. **Refresh** the [wplace.live](https://wplace.live/) webpage.

## 👾 Features

- On user's profile:
  - number of pixels required until next level
  - user's alliance
  - ability to copy user & alliance informations
- On pixel's data:
  - ability to copy user & alliance informations

Commit message:

fix(readme): update for v1.2 release

README.md, after:

<div align="center" tabindex="-1" title="Oh, found one secret! 🥚">

[![Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Contributors)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/graphs/contributors)
[![Commit activity (branch:
main)](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/y/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/main?style=flat-square&label=Commit%20activity)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/commits/main)
![Maintened in 2025](https://img.shields.io/maintenance/yes/2025?style=flat-square&label=Actively%20maintened)<!-- HAVE TO BE UPDATED EVERY YEAR -->
[![Number of opened Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Issues)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/issues)
[![Number of opened Pull
Requests](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Pull%20Requests)](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/pulls)
<br />
![Repositiry size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/code-size/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Repository%20size)
[![Number of forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Forks)](https://github.com/pxlsspace/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace)
[![Number of stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace?style=flat-square&label=Stars)](#repository-details-container)

</div>

<details open>
<summary>Table of Contents</summary>

* [About](#-about)
* [Installation guide](#️-as-a-user-how-to-install-it)
* [Features](#-features)

</details>

## 🚀 About

**LavaPlace for Wplace** adds some *Quality of Life* (QoL) to the [Wplace's
canvas](https://wplace.live/).

> [!NOTE]
> This software is **not** affiliated with or endorsed by
> [Wplace](https://wplace.live/terms/terms-of-service).

## 🛰️ As a user, how to install it?

> [Intructions from BlueMarble](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble?tab=readme-ov-file#installation-instructions)

1. **Install** the [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/#download) browser extension.
   <details>
   <summary>Image for Google Chrome</summary>

   ![Click the 'Add extension' button](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble/raw/main/docs/assets/ComputerChromeInstall1.png)

   </details>
2. You **might have to** Enable *Developer mode* and *Allow User Scripts* to work on some browsers.
   <details>
   <summary>Images for Google Chrome</summary>

   ![Enter the 'Manage Extension' menu](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble/raw/main/docs/assets/ComputerChromeInstall2.png)
   ![Enable 'Developer Mode' and 'Allow user scripts'](https://github.com/SwingTheVine/Wplace-BlueMarble/raw/main/docs/assets/ComputerChromeInstall3.png)

   </details>
3. Click on this link: **[Install
   LavaPlace](https://github.com/volcanofr/Wplace-LavaPlace/releases/download/v1.2/LavaPlace.user.js)**
   <br />TamperMonkey will automatically detect the userscript and prompt you to Install it.
4. **Refresh** the [wplace.live](https://wplace.live/) webpage.

## 👾 Features

- On user's profile:
  - number of pixels required until next level
  - user's alliance
  - ability to copy user & alliance informations
- On pixel's data:
  - ability to copy user & alliance informations
- Site fixes and fallbacks:
  - if a tile fails to update, keep the previous one (images saves lasts 2m30s at max)
